\## Overview WeatherWise Hub is a weather forecasting application built
with Python Flask. It integrates the OpenWeatherMap API to fetch
real-time weather data and the Spotify API to suggest songs based on the
current weather conditions. The application aims to enhance the user
experience by providing not only weather information but also a
personalized music recommendation to match the weather.

\## Features - \*\*Real-time Weather Forecasting\*\*:  - Get up-to-date
weather information including temperature, humidity, wind speed, and
detailed weather conditions for your location.  - Supports multiple
locations and provides accurate and timely weather updates. - \*\*Music
Recommendation Based on Weather\*\*:  - Receives weather data and
suggests songs from Spotify that match the current weather conditions.
 - Enhances the user\'s mood and experience by providing contextually
appropriate music. - \*\*Python Flask Framework\*\*:  - Utilizes the
lightweight and efficient Flask framework to ensure a scalable and
maintainable application.  - Follows best practices for Flask
application development. - \*\*API Integration\*\*:  - Seamlessly
integrates with OpenWeatherMap API for real-time weather data.  - Uses
Spotify API to fetch song recommendations based on weather data. -
\*\*User-friendly Interface\*\*:  - Easy-to-use interface built with
HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, allowing users to quickly get weather updates
and music recommendations.  - Provides a smooth and intuitive user
experience.

\## Technologies Used - \*\*Python Flask\*\*: For building the backend
of the application. - \*\*OpenWeatherMap API\*\*: To fetch real-time
weather data. - \*\*Spotify API\*\*: To suggest songs based on the
current weather conditions. - \*\*HTML, CSS, JavaScript\*\*: For
building the frontend of the application. - \*\*Bootstrap\*\*: For
responsive design and styling. - \*\*Jinja2\*\*: For server-side
templating. - \*\*RESTful Web Services\*\*: For API communication.

\## Installation and Setup 1. \*\*Clone the repository\*\*: \`\`\`bash
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/weatherwise-hub.git

2\. \*\*Navigate to the project directory: cd weatherwise-hub Create a
virtual environment and activate it python3 -m venv venv

Configure API keys: Obtain an API key from OpenWeatherMap. Obtain an API
key from Spotify. Create a .env file in the project root and add your
API keys::

OPENWEATHERMAP_API_KEY=YOUR_OPENWEATHERMAP_API_KEY
SPOTIFY_CLIENT_ID=YOUR_SPOTIFY_CLIENT_ID
SPOTIFY_CLIENT_SECRET=YOUR_SPOTIFY_CLIENT_SECRET

Usage Access the application: Open your web browser and navigate to
http://localhost:5000. Get weather information and song recommendations:
Enter your location in the provided input field. Click on the \"Get
Weather and Music\" button. View the current weather information and
enjoy the recommended songs based on the weather. Contributing We
welcome contributions to improve the project. If you find any issues or
have suggestions for enhancements, feel free to submit an issue or
create a pull request.

License This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the LICENSE
file for details.

Acknowledgements OpenWeatherMap for providing the weather data API.
Spotify for providing the music recommendation API.
